i
the next exercise the 129 is called
abduction horizontal abduction
shoulders like in standing ropes that
it sounds a bit like Chinese that is the long
it's as easy as this from the front
keeping the dumbbells to the height
of the eyes we are going to take
back at the same height and towards the anc
taking air back and pulling the go
forward we can do it in this
position can be wrong we imply already
you know different positions
deltoid fibers in this position
they are really working a lot
deltoid fibers throughout
really travel in the dumbbells
that are producing that direction of
the force goes towards the ground by
the mere fact that he's holding it there
up in each position of the route
there are fibers that are preventing the
dumbbell make that movement according
keeping it and up
the next exercise the 130 what called
just like 126 plus 129 it's worth
it seemed jazz the previous one had a name
long if I used all the names
complete technicians for the exercise and
it became extremely long
so if we remember or if you are
exercise number 126 you will see were the
front elevations then at 130 is
a combination of these two first
front elevation
then productivity horizontal option
we recover and go back down
up back to the front and down I take a breath
shot with lame shot
I catch lame pull
and the next one is 131 is a
combination of 126% 29.127 of 127 of
the lateral delegations then
we put the 3 together
from our side
up front and down up back and
down to the 3 windows height of the
arms in cross height approximately of
the eyes and a little bit above
work your house
ok for all these exercises
We keep constant the position of the
body 10 well supported on the floor
knees slightly bent hip
a little back shoulders pulling towards
back pulling chest selling area
lumbar and tightening abdomen
yes
and